Zips fips crosswalk (#1512)
cmu-delphi/covidcast-indicators: _delphi_utils_python/data_proc/geomap/README.md

The source files are requested from a government URL when `geo_data_proc.py` is run (see the top of said script for the URLs). Below we describe the locations to find updated versions of the source files, if they are ever needed.

> - ZIP -> FIPS (county) population tables available from [US Census](https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/relationship-files.html#par_textimage_674173622). This file contains the population of the intersections between ZIP and FIPS regions, allowing the creation of a population-weighted transform between the two. 24 ZIPs did not have population number information associated to them, so we filled those values manually using information available in  [zipdatamaps website](www.zipdatamaps.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ZIP -> FIPS (county) population tables available from [US Census](https://www.census.gov/geographies/reference-files/time-series/geo/relationship-files.html#par_textimage_674173622). This file contains the population of the intersections between ZIP and FIPS regions, allowing the creation of a population-weighted transform between the two. As of 4 February 2022, this source did not include population information for 24 ZIPs that appear in our indicators. We have added those values manually using information available from the [zipdatamaps website](www.zipdatamaps.com).
```
